


====

Plato's "books" are quite intriguing, really (I am putting "books" in quotes, because they were never really printed as published books back in Plato's Era of history).

Many of things that Plato and the characters in Plato's books say seem quite obvious to me, but it also feels educating and new. I have never seen someone describe the intricacies of age, and wealth, and happiness in such a philosophical and accurate manner. Of course, the book is worded in a nonsensical way that makes the actual message unnecessarily hard to deciper, but it is *nonetheless* a good read. Most of the writing is concise, deliberate, meaningful, and "to the point". So, I evaluate Plato's book / series of books, *"The Republic"*, as being an astonishingly good piece of writing. It is worthy of praise, that's for sure. I'm not quite sure how much of said praise I should include here (in this document), if any, but I will let this paragraph stand as an appropriate jaunt of praise.


So, Socrates defines justice and argues with Thrasymachus over it. Socrates says the just benefit more than the unjust and that justice is about serving others, not ourselves. It is really interesting and thought provoking!

/*
      I know the text is old, and thus Plato wasn't really familiar with the writing conventions we use nowadays, but I think this (next sentence) is still a relevant thing to say: the author should include short descriptions for all of the proper nouns and references, the first time they are used. For example, the text starts with "I went down yesterday to the Piraeus with Glaucon". A modern writer would describe what "the Piraeus" is, and clarify that Glaucon in "my (socrates's) friend". So, a modern writer would probably start the book with this sentence: "I went down yesterday to the Piraeus, a sea port in Ahtens, with my friend, Glaucon". I know it is a small difference, but it really helps the reader.
*/

> "Hope, he says, cherishes the soul of him who lives in justice and holiness and is the nurse of his age and the companion of his journey; --hope which is mightiest to sway the restless soul of man."
* This goes really well with what Saint Augustine wrote in his Confessions: "You have made us for yourself, O Lord, and our hearts are restless until they rest in You." 

Cephalus believes in hope, while we (I) believe in God.

"Speaking the truth and paying your debts is not a correct definition of justice [because there are exceptions where doing so can be harmful]".


"But is the art of medicine or any other art faulty or deficient in any quality in the same way that the eye may be deficient in sight or the ear fail of hearing, and therefore requires another art to provide for the interests of seeing and hearing --has art in itself, I say, any similar liability to fault or defect, and does every art require another supplementary art to provide for its interests, and that another and another without end? Or have the arts to look only after their own interests? Or have they no need either of themselves or of another? --having no faults or defects, they have no need to correct them, either by the exercise of their own art or of any other; they have only to consider the interest of their subject-matter. For every art remains pure and faultless while remaining true --that is to say, while perfect and unimpaired. Take the words in your precise sense, and tell me whether I am not right."
- ^ this paragraph really points out how complex the world can be, and how every discipline / art is connected, and how we should not just arrogantly study one thing (and hope we will be the best).





