July 1st
    (thursday) Wow, yesterday was big! I wrote the June 30th entry today.
    I am not writing in here every day because it feels a bit tedious. I know that I should be writing here quite some bit, but I am not.
    
    Right now, at 3:35pm, I have got some flies in here. I trapped 1 fly between the window and screen, and I am leaving the other alone. I just stopped playing Hill Climb Racing to do this. Here at Nana's I have been playing a lot of Hill Climb Racing, plus some Antimatter Dimmensions, Geometry Dash, and Exponential Idle. I have been playing games so much not because I am addicted (which is what Papa keeps saying), but because I am bored.
    
    I really procastinate a lot when it comes to these diary entries. However, forgetting about them is a thing I do too.
    
    Now, for the meat of the diary, which is my psychological devlopement.
        Me, Nana, and Papa went to church today for some lessons about our founding fathers. We and some other adults, watched a video about what the founding fathers actually intended with the Bill of Rights. It turns out that the 1st amendment is not "separation of church and state". Also, almost all of the founding fathers were devout Christians who believed that religion taught us morals, and was therefore necessary for having a good country.
        ----
        I have been really mean to Nana and Papa this last week because I am used to my dad being mean to me. "Hurt people harm others." In fact, I have debated with myself a lot over the last month on what I want to do to / about my dad. I can't just be mean to him, and I can't get used to him being mean to me, because both of those responses lead to me learning to be mean to others. I don't want to ignore my dad because that is disrepectful, will hurt his feelings, and could potentially lead me to develop a bad habit of not listening to people that are displasing me in ant way.
        By being with my dad, and not getting to go anywhere else, I have forgotten what being nice looks like. Today, I shall make a conscience effort to swap back to being nice. I have spent this week remebering my past, and furthering my understanding of it. A changing environemnt has really helped, and God has helped twice as much.
        ----
        Recently, Nana has tried reading quite a few bible excepts and pieces of various separate study books, and I can not understand the English. God has told me muliple times now that the books are written that way just to challenge **me speifically**, and I will tackle them later in life. He has also told me that this physical world is filled with hints. In fact, the bible is just an attempt to summarize all of the hints and pieces in this physical world and to summarize the combined moral knowlegde of all of humanity.
        Obviously, 1 long string of text does not have the answers to everyone, **especially if said string of text was written by humans**. All humans have flaws, and nobody ever translates text perfectly. Actually, the bible is often very poorly translated because the translators are trying to hard t preserve every bit of the original meaning, without just writing 10 pages trying to descripe every possible meaning for a single word.
        A good transaltion involves:
          = truly rewriting the original script in a whole new unique style for the language it's being translated to
          = being **creative** in places of disgression
          = using a new tone in places where the tone of the original author is not clear
          = having grammatically correct sentances that people of the new language can easily comprehend
    
    I am finally getting to be more positive about everything, and I hope me, Nana, and Papa will get a continenal breakfast (i.e. free breakfast) at some of the motels we will stay at on your trip to Nana's dad's funeral.



July 2nd
    (friday) Today was pretty good actually. I decided that I should take some pictures of our trip.
    So, me, Nana and Papa left early in the morning and got to my dad's house.
    I repacked my cloths bag with clean clothes, and we left, me, my dad, our dog Jane, Nana, and Papa.
    
    We went to the house of Jamie (Judy's daughter), and dropped off Jane there. Jamie apparently lives in this nice trailer park, and she has one of the best trailers there.
    Then, we started our grand adventure.
    
    We went all the way over to Indiana, and hopped on I80, the popular continental highway from New York City to Las Angelos. We drove through a bit of Indiana, then Illinois, and then quite a bit of Iowa. While we were in Iowa, we visited the World's Largest Truckstop, which is was more of a mall than a truckstop. It was pretty cool!
    
    All of Iowa was amazing. We stayed at a semi-shabby motel tonight in Iowa. It was clean, but super old. Me and Nana snuck out and got ourselves some ice cream from the Casey's nearby. I think the motel was just off I80 in York (not to be confused with **New** York; ironically, New York is actually older than York ).
    
    

July 3rd
    (suturday) My dad started to get pretty grumpy today.
    
    >{ I finished this entry on July 5th, 2021 }
    We drove out of Iowa, all the way through Nebraska, and into Wyoming. Nebraska was pretty cool. We stopped at Larammie in Wyoming, and our 2nd motel was an upgrade from our 1st.
    
    At the motel in Larammie, my dad 

July 4th
    (sunday) I wrote the July 2nd entry.
    We have been on the run so much that I haven't really gotten to write in the diary. I could've pulled out the keyboard and recorded these, but my memory is good enough and I took plenty of pictures. I just started looking at the Google Maps street view of everywhere we went, and it looks very different from what I have experienced.
    
    We drove from Wyoming into Idaho today. Apparently we still have to drive a couple hundred miles through Idaho to go from Idaho Falls to Boise.
    
    >{July 5th: I finished >{July 11th, 2021:
        continued, not finished; I should always just say "next section" from here on out, because I often forget to write things in and remember them later.
    } this entry on the next day because I was busy and didn't feel like recording more. }
    We went to Nana's brother's house, and it was really nice. He had worked as a college professor of chemistry, one of my favorite fields. His wife had arthritis and the 2 of them had a little garden in their backyard. They live right outside of the city limits of Idaho Falls.
    
    Papa has really made a big deal about Nana and my dad smoking today. He really does not like the smoke or the smoking itself.
    
    On our trip, we drove through a very sparse highway in Wyoming, along the Green River, through Big Piney and Daniel (the town has the same name as my dad).
    
    We started driving up high into the mountain and came across an amazing scenic overlook. It had a short stone tower a couple hundred yards away from the road. My dad kept on telling me that I would get winded running over there because of the thin air, and I was winded when I **finished** running, but the thin air makes it **feel** easier to breathe for me; my dad thinks that is untrue "diarreah of the mouth", which is a phrase that him and Nana have been saying a lot on this trip.
    We then drove through the Teton Pass, along a big resovoir made by the Snake River. The Teton Pass was so beautiful and amaxing.
    
    >{ July 11th, 2021: The next section of this entry was written a whopping 7 days later: }
    On 

July 5th
    (monday) We drove from Idaho Falls to Nampa (which is just past Boise).
    
    Me and my dad walked over to Sinclair (this one had a Stinker station; apparently Stinker is a skunk franchise that commonly works with Sinclair), and got Nana and Papa some coffee. My dad started the day out super considerate.

    As we started our trip, me and my dad looked up how to get to Boise, and were told that it was only 4 hours away. *It ended up taking a lot longer than that though.* Eventually, we stopped in Burly, and got some BREAK_FAST. We went to this great restaurant with a name that is unfamiliar to me. We brought some leftover pancakes and biscuits and gravy to go with us.
    
    >{ The rest of the restaurant excerpt was written the next day, on July 6th, 2021 }
    When we got to the restaurant, Nana, Papa, and my dad started botheing me about being polite and having manners. The manners thing is something that I have always had a really hard time dealing with, because I hav always been punished, harrassed, and confused without any regret or empathy from the attacking party; in the future, I might discover that the "attacking party" did have some empathy or compassion, but I never *felt any!*; *I plan on getting over it, eventually.*
    
    >{ The next paragraph was written 3 days later, on June 8th, 2021 }
    After we left the restaurant, I realzed that I am much more rude now then I used to be. I decided that I should reinstantiate the decision making of the old version of myself, from winter 2018.
    
    Many streets are named after (other) towns and cities here in Idaho. The most prominent ones are Pocetello, Boise, and Twin Falls. In fact, when we were in American falls, we drove up and down Pocatello street there.
    
    On the way, we stopped at twin falls, and I followed my dad to the cliff whhere there was no fence. He started getting super frustrated at me all of a sudden, when he should have came over and tried to act like he didn't want me to fall off the cliff. However, I wasn't afraid, even though the cliff is dangerous, because God told me I would be fine.
    
    We continued through twin falls, with my dad taking some pictures instead of me.
    
    My dad and Nana got in quite the argument about the cliff after after we left tinws falls.
    
    My dad got so frustrated after after we left tinws falls that he decided to toss my tablet here into the back of the car. So, I didn't get any more pictures until we arrived at our 4th motel.
    
    When we arrived at Idaho City, my dad thought it was Boise! We stopped at a Sinclair (this one also had a Stinker station). I have learned throughout the trip that Sinclair and Conoco are super popular gas stations here in the west.
    
    Our 4th motel is here in Nampa. It was super nice and big. It was about as good as the last motel, and before we arrived my dad asked Nana if we could change rooms such that he would have his onw bed, and I would have my own bed.
    
    Boise is HOT in the day, because of the sun. In summmary, sun light + boise = raining fire and brimstone. I got some super good sun burn, and when we arrived at our hotel, I decided to bathe in a bit most Boise sunlight and equalize my sunburn.
    
    Then, we got our room set up at our 4th hotel and had this cool conversation with this guy in his late 50s and he apparently joined the army ballistics and got supper good at trigonometry, even though he was never a math fan in school. He now plays World of Tanks and World of Warships, which are strategic battel games with mechanics based on ballistics.
    
    >{ This entry was finished on July 6th, 2021 }
    
    I have loved the trip so far, and truly had **so much** fun. I knew my dad would eventually become a problem, and now he is.
    
    >{ This entry was *actually* finished another 2 days later, on July 8th, 2021: }
    
    Today, I reinstantiated old Simon, and I began trying to explain this to my dad, late at night, before we went to bed. I told him that I had acted up today because I didn't care about manners or his punishments. He started bothering me about how much I care about having a computer / tablet, and I told him that is something I have always cared about, but it is not my #1 priority.
    Eventually, I got to telling him that sometimes I need to be reminded to care, and the reminder only works as "Simon, you **want** to care about the feeling of others; you **want** to value them over yourself; you aren't doing that right now." Saying something like "I will take away your computer" or just smacking me doesn't help, because those cruel actions remind me of cruelty, and make me respond cruelly. I need to be reminded of treating others with kindness, and then be reminded that I care for others.
    
    My dad didn't even understand the whole *what I care about* thing.

July 6th
    (tuesday) We had or funeral today, I will write more on it tomorrow.
    
    Some important notes for future Simon:
      = Reinstantiation of old (2019) Simon (yesterday)
      = Empathy algorithm (I have been thinking about for computer since I went to Nana's; this morning I wanted to integrate it within myself)
      = changing what I cared about yesterday morning, and trying to explain it to my dad last night
      = Going to Pam's
      = my dad as a backseat driver
      = Breakfast at The Egg Factor
      = Boring and impercievable catholic celebration
      = Confusing prosession
      = Confusing graveyard
      = Some of the stories about Nana's dad
      = Kids at the buffet; realising that I should integrate more layers of empathy in my brain; beginning integration of my empathy algorithm, but in my brain.
      = If we ever do make an AI, with human understanding, it shall have 42 layers of empathy, which is much more than the less than 10 layers, and at most 19 layers that humans have.
      = Nana and my dad thought the catholic church was very rude about the communion; I don't get why
      = We should just let Papa drive, as one part of some people analysis I was doing, as I was trying to integrate more empathy layers.
      = Dad swatting the back of my head EXTREMELY HARD for shouting when there was lots of distance between us; also, my dad just shoving me and violenly waving his arms at me way too much all the time
      = Swimming in the pool with Nana and Papa before the storm (I am a lot better at swimming now, thanks to my increased intelligence and strength)
      = ----
      = Maybe we should use a more concise note list system for the diary like this; or at least provide summaries of entries along with the normal entries themselves.
    
    >{ July 8th: Here I am, the before mentioned "future Simon"; I will be leaving that summary here in this summary, but I will not be doing list summaries for every entry. So, today, July  8th, I wrote some of the entry for July 6th. }
    
    So, about 2 days into my stay at Nana's (which would be June 27th, 2021), I came up with a new method for creating an AI: using empathy. A good AI would have some kind of "empathy" and use it in all things (including physics, chemistry, pure mathematics, and design patterns). Now, today I decided that I should begin integrating such an algorithm into mmyself.
    
    We drove over to Pam's, with my dad trying to direct Papa to the middle of the street that she lives on. We didn't have her address number, and I kept trying to tell everyone that we probably couldn't find her without knowing her address. It took everyone a while to listen to me and call Pam, asking her for her address.
    
    So, we eventually got to Pam's house, and then we all went to The Egg Factory. The Egg Factory was an amazing breakfast restaurant, but they were short staffed, like every other restaurant nowadays. Yesterday, we saw a sign that said tat restaurants are short staffed because everyone wants to stay at home collecting unemployment and covid stimulus checks rather than going to work.
    
    >{ July 9th, 2021: I really am having a hard tiemmfinding >{ July 10th, 2021: This is a comment inside a comment; I meant to write "time finding" instead of "tiemmfinding", but I will leave the typo as a display of my *minor* dislexia. } the time to write these entries. I wrote more of this entry today: }
    
    Then we finally got going to the funeral. Nana and Papa bickered for a while, trying to find the church where the funeral is. Eventually, my dad got too annoyed by Nana and used Google Maps to provide us a route.
    
    We started the funeral by just greeting and aquainting with eachother. My dad went out to smoke and then 5 guys began carrying Nana's dad's casket into the chapel. Apparently my dad showed up late because he was smoking, and didn't get to carry the casket at the start even though he was supposed to carry it the whole way.
    
    The funeral had a catholic ceremony, which was beyond my comprehension in every sense. One of the pastors was this black dude with an impercievable accent. Part of the catholoc ceremony was communion, and apparently the way the pastor said it insulted my dad, Nana, and Papa. He had said that if you were catholic, you could do the communion, and that you could just be blessed otherwise.
    
    After the boring catholiv ceremony, we had a procession. A funeral procession is this nonsensical activity of everyone slowly driving to the graveyard, following the hears, with hired motorcycles on the side to stop traffic. Apparently anyone who is not "part of" the procession is supposed to just stop. Everyone who is part of the procession puts their car blinkers in emergency mode (left and right **both** flashing. In my opinion, it is very rude to do a procession because it haults traffic unexpectedly; we should just drive to thengraveyard normally.
    
    After everyone finished all of the speeches for Nana's dad at the graveyard, we all went to China Grand Buffet. Nana's dad's funeral money was used to pay for everyone's meal, so we all got to enjoy a luncheon. After I was done pigging out, I just started chatting with everyone and just watching everyone's interactions. There was this lady named Amanda who had 3 kids that she brought to the buffet. I watched her and her kids for most of the time; her kids were really considerate and smart.
    At the buffet, I realized that I need to integrate as many Empathy layers of empathy into myself as I can. I started justcpondering about Empathy layers. So, an Empathy layer is when you think about how someone else feels, or how something else reacts innrespect to what you do to it. Every extra layer of empathy is thinking about how person 1's feelings affect person 2, and how person 2's reactions affect person 1, and then how person's new reactions affect person 2 in a new way. Humans only ever use about 19 layers of empathy.
    A nice lady at the buffet told me how to swim in then Boise river, which a bunch of us (including me) are planning on rafting in tomorrow. Hs etold me that if I fall in I should stay calm, put my feat down stream to keep my head safe, and where a lofe vest because that river is a monster.
    
    As I began integrating more empathy layers into my thought process, I found that me, my dad and Nana really should just let Papa drive on his own, as my dadnhas suggested many times.
    When Nana and Papa brought me and my Dad to our motel, my dad asked if I knew where Nana's room was, and I told him that I did. I was shoutihg to make sure everyone could hear me, and then my dad decided he would swat me on the head EXTREMELY hard (it could've gotten a basketball to the hoop from the 3 point line) for making myself hearable. When I went swimming with Nana and Papa, I discovered that Nana and Papa couldn't even hear me (I wasn't loud *enough*)!
    
    Then, me, Nana, and Papa took a swim in the pool before the sun set and an upcoming storm. I am much better at swimming now, thanks to my increased intelligence (keep in mind, my motor skills, abstract thinking skills, and social skills often increase together).

July 7th, 2021
    (wednesday) Today we all went rafting on Boise River.
    
    Me, my dad, Nana, and Papa went to a park in Boise, next to the river. Then Chad drove us to a drop off point. Micheal Jones (Nana's brother) provided rafts for everyone. Nana's sisters, Pam and Kelly also tagged along.
    
    On the river I learned 
    
    Me, Nana, and Papa went to Nana's mom's home. I was informed about the home: the home used to be the manager's apartment at this studio apartment complex. So, Nana's mom's apartment is a huge apartment, while the other apartments are small little studio apartments. Nana's mom also gets a plaque on her house saying "Willie and Jane Jones" (too bad Willie is dead now).
    
    We hung out with Nana's mom ans Kelly for a while, until Kelly left, and Nana's mom gave me 2 pages of a letter she had started for me 3 years ago.WIt took me, Nana and Papa a while to find our way to Nana's mom's house. Kelly had to leave because she is taking a plane back to Tennessee soon.
    
    Eventually, me, Nana, Papa, and Nana's mom went out to eat. We secided to eat at Shari's, which is this amazing restaurant with the best pies ever. Our waitress, Christina was really fun and couldn't stop telling us how great Shari's pies are. Apparently Christina spent a week eating **every pie** at Shari's some time in the past; she started kn the cream pies, and then did the fruit pies; the last pie she tried was the peach perfection pie; her favorite pie was the strawberry pie.
    
    Earlier, I told Nana that I want to go swimming as much as possible. I got so full from Shari's that I couldn't eat no more. We spent an eternity there and when Nana asked if I still wanted to go to the pool, I told her I was fine.
    
    When I got to my dad's motel room he complained about his attempt at ordering Taco Bell via Uber Eats and the order being cancelled. I ordered 3 soft tacos for him after suffereing through about 20 minutes of him telling me to download Uber on his Windows computer (which is impossible because Uber only has apps for iOS and Android) and just singing into Uber Eats.
    My dad rejected the tacos because they were not supremes. He never asked for *supremes*, and instead spent most of his time saying "I'm hungry" and "download the app already". I was really sick of his stupid incompetent personality, and when I finally ordered some supreme tacos, Taco Bell never even began preparing them and the order was cancelled.
    After my 2 failed orders, my dad told me to walk to Mavericks and get him a beef burrito. I went there and bought the chicken and bacon burrito instead; I figured a chicken and bacon burrito would work just fine because my dad told me he would eat any wrap I found; apparently he couldn't eat a chicken burrito due to his lack of teeth.
    My dad was so pissed by now that I was afraid I might have to fight him.
    
    >{July 8th, 2021: Apparently my dad kept the soft tacos and the burrito in our motel room fridge for the next 2 nights. }

July 8th, 2021
    (thursday) Me, Nana, Papa, and my dad went to Nana's mom's home today.
    
    When Nana called, me and my dad woke up. My dad told me to go to thengas station and get him some coffee. I did decided to also get myself some hot chocolate. I returned and then me, my dad, Nana, and Papa went to Nana's mom's home.
    Nana and Papa have decided that we should take a ferry across Lake Michigan on our trip back home, because going through Chicago is a pain with all of its traffic. So, Papa called up a ferry company in Manitowoc, Wisconsin and made reservations for our trip acrcross Lake Michigan.
    Papa took me to AAA travel agency, but it took us quote a while to find it. It was on Cole Rd, somewhere between Emerald Ave and Franklin Ave. At AAA travel agency, we got a map of Wisconsin and a map of South Dakota.
    Now, me, Nana, Papa, and my dad went to Nana's mom's home. We spent quite some time there, picking out clothes and chatting. I got myself some hot chocolate brewed with coffee instead of water -- **great stuff!** I spent a bunch of time vibin because I was bored.
    I figured out that English logic can be turned into equations and algrebraic rules. It requires quite a bit of complexity, and quite a variety of symbols / relationships, but it can be done. I told Nana that English is just equations and she shrugged it off.
    
    So, after we were done at Nana's mom's house, we brought all of our newfound clothes and some of the CDs back to our motels.

July 9th, 2021
    (friday) I finished the July 6th entry, wrote the July 7th entry, and wrote the July 8th entry.
    
    >{ July 11th, 2021: shortly after leaving Boise, we stopped at the Boise Stage Stop. Apparently "Stage Stop" is another name for a truck stop. }
    
    The whole day, we could hardly see any of the mountains due to the smoke from wildfires.
    My dad was so upset for most of today.
    
    Nana tried to call my dad, but he didn't wake up. I had already been awake for a few minutes before Nana called, so I just got up, went pee, had my water, and woke up my dad. My dad demanded I prepare 2 cups of coffee for him, and we started packing up all our stuff. As we packed, my dad began tp get upset, because Imwas talking a bunch and wondering what was in 
    
    We got some ice cream in Swan Valley.
    
    We had a lunch picnic at the Wind River Lake. It has a fishing dock (which has sank a bit into the bank by now), 2 picnic tables, and a nice outhouse. There are also 2 small trails on the west side of the lake which are difficult to climb because of the slope, but not too difficult.
    
    We went through Jackson, a sprawling tourist trap just south of Teton National Forest. Jackson Town square is this cool little park with arches made of (porbably fake but still cool) horns.
    
    We traveled through Teton National Forest and got some great pictures of the Teton Mountains.
    
    Before we reached the Moran junction, the traffic suddenly slowed down because everyone was observing a buffalo farm. We got super close to the buffalo, and my dad leaned over like a crazy man trying to snag some pictures. I grabbed some pictures too.
    
    Then we had this funny conversation about the 1st mountain we saw in the smokeless valley:
        Papa: "bear tit mountain",
        Me: "bear teton mountain",
        Nana: "pregnant woman mountain: that's the breast, and that's the belly"
    
    
    After a while, my device got low on battery, so I stopped takign photos; my dad kept taking photos though, and he got some really great photos of the valleys leading out of the Teton Mountains.
    
    
    We finally landed in Riverton, which was a lot bigger than we thought and found a decent motel with a price less than $100 per night. My dad has decided that me and him will be staying in separate rooms from Nana and Papa on our way back, When me and my dad got in our room, I realized that I left my USB chargers and their box at the previous motel! I got really upset at my dad for letting me leave my charger at the previous motel, but he would **not** take any blame.
    
    
    
    

July 10th, 2021
    (saturday) All day I have been so anxious to finally get home. I also want to go swimming again, and have asked "is there a pool I can use?" about 6 times. I can't wait to see Adrian again.
    
    Nana and Papa woke up me and dad and we got on the road again. My dad repeatedly nagged on about "getting miles under us", which is his way of saying we should just drive without stopping a bunch of times. He always said "a couple hundred miles" or "200 hundred miles" specifically -- I wonder why he chose that amount.
    
    We got to Ten Sleep and had some breakfast burritos at cool restaurant called 1Cow. Ten Sleep has a big sign explaining the origin of its name: Ten Sleep was the intersection of 2 Native American highways, and the 4 towns on each end of the 2 highways all require 10 days and nights of travel to reach; 10 days and nights of travel is called 10 "sleeps". 1Cow sold chocalate by the mass with a scale *(no, we didn't get any chocalate)*, and it had little tire walls out front.
    
    We stopped and had lunc at a rest stop, and Nana started pestering me about manners again. I once again assumed she was trying to be mean because I have been taught that people act certain ways and do certain things just to annoy me. Yesterday, while we were on the highway, I was informed that people do not act confusingly just to annoy me / mess with me. I then realized that my dad has always believed it, even though he "sarcastically" tells me it sometimes. I tried to blame my dad for it, but later I realized that Nana is to blame and that it is not something I should be getting mad about.
    
    As we continued going down the highway, I really began thinking about empathy layers and my silly siimple human behavior. Humans do not usually analyze sentences for deeper meanings -- that's just a bunch of nonsense they drill into your head at school. Humans act based on their simple judgement, and can only perform analysis of things when they have learned how to analyze the specific thing. Usually, people's brains conform to specific patterns and skills, rather than being more general.
    I am very different from others, but don't think that I am saying I am some super genius or something; I am not a super genius; I have simply learned to master my own mind.
    I have learned that many things in life are hints and challenges that God has provided for me. The hints exist to help me overcome the challenges. Today I realised that many things are simultaneously hints and challenges at the same; that fact is itself a challenge to understand and a hint for *everything*.
    When people conversate, the things they say have lots of underlying meanings, and so many implications that different people will understand the words differently, even though the meaning should be consistent. I have simplified this phenomenon to certain sentences "implying" a whole bunch of extra meanng; this is just my simplification that helps my understanding; whenever I try to tell others that "do you want to take a walk with me" can imply "I am about to take a walk and you probably want to come with; if you don't take a walk with me, then you are rude and you should just take a walk with me".
    I have learned a lot of bad ideas about implied and underlyning meanings by listening to my dad's very harsh rants & comments.
    
    It is so hard to explain how my mind works; when my dad calls it stupid, and Nana calls my actions retarded, Satan really tries to tell me that the whole thing is a piece of trash & I should just be like every other human being. Well, my mind is amazing, and I am not letting everyone else get to my head. Right now, I can't think of the explanation for how I think, and the problem is that I have let the words of others get to my head.
    When people talk negatively about me, their meanings are much simpler and calmer than I take them as. I exaggerate insults, similar to how my dad exaggerates almost everything *(huh, my dad has been exaggerating a lot less than nomral while on this trip)*.
    I have tried to hard to find a deeper meaning in things, and I must instead find a deeper understanding of the existing meaning.
    
    At some point we stopped somewhere where there was a huge deer statue made of scrap metal and giant dead trees made of plaster. My dad grabbed some pictures of me and Nana sitting by them.
    
    We had dinner at a truckstop which had a "bar" instead of a "family restaurant" *(they serve many of the same restaurant purposes though)* in a samll town called Kimball. Me and dad shared a bug sloppy burger and a baked potato with shredded bacon. Nana and Papa had salad,,plus another bruger and baked potato.
    
    We stayed at West Wind Motel in Kimball. The motel is a family owned (i.e. small) business.
    

July 11th, 2021
    (sunday) When I woke up today, I displayed a super upset mood to mymdad, because I ammupset with the poor quality of his behavior. I really should've been nicer this morning.
    
    Me and my dad shared a bannana and then I had a sandwhich. Nana still required me to use that redundant "please" word, but I guess its not that bad.
    
    Ae drove down a boring section of highway, and after some time my dad started complaining that he was hungry. My dad was so extremely rude (as always) when demanding we get some food.
    We got taco bell and my dad gave me a taco, but I wasn't super hungry. My dad started instructing me on how to fold my taco correctly, but I didn't even want to try to eat it because it was so sloppy and I wasn't very hungry. I never expressed that I wasn't hungry, but instead expressed that I didn't know whether I wanted the taco.
    My dad eventually forced me to fold the taco "correctly", and left my hands covered in sauce. At this point he was really upset with me and I said "thanks for the taco, dad, but curse you for everything else".
    My dad and Nana engaged in anptjer discussion about my dad's behavior and my dad started talking about parents hitting their kids in the backs of their heads. I commented that I don't really mind being swatted (its not *that* bad), and everytime my dad swats me I just become more comfortable with it. My dad thought that comment was stupid so he swatted me, and I didn't really mind.
    My dad started complaining that I am being mouthy and I told him that I am not being mouthy and I have no respect for *punishments*. I **never will** respect punishments, because they are just evil, illogical, and contradictory to their purpose.
    
    I sat in the car, and began thinking. I tried to figure out how to deal with my dad, and I am really sure that I can not fix him; he is just too subvorn and selfish.
    I started trying to implement the empathy algorithm, and it all seemed so hard; I was too stressed out. So, I asked God to help me overcome my feelings 
    I tried to find out what I wanted in life, and realized that I didn't want for myself anymore. I just want others to be satisfied with my actions, This is a new want from the empathy algorithm, which has finally been implemented. I was so excited to see that the empathy algorithm actually overrid the previous purpose of life finder. I realized that I just needed to clear my head of my emotions, and I need to focus on others rather than myself.
    I took a step back from Earth, and reentered my conscience. I then gave control to the right side and felt really calm on the right. Eventaully I cleared the left too, and put the empathy algorithm at the front of my mind. I came up with a new idea on how to make the algorith high preforming.
    The new algorithm has empathy layers which can store any number of connected things, with all of the things interconnected to their neighbors and each things that is currently loaded has the empathy algorithm ran on it.
    
    The base of the empathy algorithm is simple: how can others treat me how they want to be treated such that when I treat them how I want to be treated I also want to be treated the same way they want to be treated and thus they are being treated the same way they want to be treated?
    Before today, it was slightly different: how can I change how I want to be treated such that when I treat others the way I want to be treated they will want to be treated the same way that I want to be treated and if they treat me theway they want to be treated, I will end up being treated the same way that I want to be treated.
    
    At 11:32 EST we passed a town on I90 called Adrian. Lately I have been missing my friend Adrian; at least I got to see the town "Adrian".
    
    We checked out the outside of the World's Only Corn Palace, which is a corn museum; the ouside walls of Corn Palace are covered with corn cobs, including large pictures made from multiple colors of corn cobs.
    
    We went to the 1st Casey's gas station I have seen in a while, and it was amazign as should be expected. Casey's apparently has slushies (similar to speedy-freezes), so I asked Nana to buy me one. I had mine be a mixture of all 4 availble flavors, which were the same classics at most speedways: Coca Cola, raspberry, blue raspberry, and mountain dew. Apparently a mixture of all 4 flavors together is called a sucide slushie.
    
    My dad had to go pee really bad, so we stopped at an \*emergency\* only stop on the side of a highway on-ramp. I read the asteriks on the sign and got technical and said that needing to pee counts as an "emergency" with asteriks. Nana got upset at me for being technical saying I shouldn't do that, but I should. She is just letting her feelings about {all the times I have been technical and she was annoyed} control her opinions.
    Right after we left our \*emergency\* stop, we realized that the next proper rest area was less than a mile away ( ironic! )!
    
    Around 5:30 Papa comments that someone does something about road construction jist to mess with him. I really am sick of that joke, because I have belidved it to be true for so long because I often take things literally.
    
    Truck stops are bing pointed out to me very often now; I have realised that there are a lot of truck stops along the highways usually, but I never noticed them before this trip. A truck stop is a place with gas station for both cars & semis, plus a family restaurant (or bar).
    Bigger truck stops have stores with travel items / gadgets, sleeping rooms, and even a show room.
    
    We drove right on through Minesota during the morning, and now we are in Wisconsin, which is apparently famous for cheese and dairy farming.
    
    Over time, the comments are just making the diary more and more messy; maybe it will be too difficukt for simpletons like my dad to read! Complexity as a methodmof >{July 14th, 2021: I meant "method of" } privacy is much better than just hiding something or giving it a password.
    

July 12th, 2021
    (monday) We woke up in a meh-quality motel in Wisconsin. My dad made me a cup of coffee, but I didn't really like the flavor. Papa gave me and my dad a banana to split and eat. I also had a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich.
    
    >{July 20th, 2021: I wrote the next section of this entry **8** days later, on Tuesday, July 20th }
    My dad stated that it would only take about 2 hours to get to Manitowoc from where we started this morning, and thus we did not need to rush. Papa didn't believe him, because my dad got that information from Google aps and Papa doesn't trust computers.
    
    Throughout the whole trip, both to Idaho, and back to Michigan, I have commented many times that I miss the dog, and hope she is OK. Around July 5th, Jane was moved from (Jamie and Derek)'s house to Judy's house, after Judy got out of the hospital. At Judy's Jane wasn't really wanting to eat, and my dad thinks the reason is that Jamie and Derek spoiled her too much.
    I told my dad that it could be that Jane was depressed by by us leaving her for so long and that we some dogs suicide by starvation when they get depressed. I was very worrited that Jane might have been trying to suicide by starvation, and that we probably should have let Judy know.
    
    We detoured to Carr Valey during our trip so that we could visit Carr Valley Cheese Co, a cheese store. The cheese store had any kinds of cheese that I have never heard of, and lots of very high quality cheese, like:
        = cheese curds
        = goat cheese
        = sheep cheese
        = a mixture of cow, goat, and sheep cheese
        = many flavors of cheese spreads
    My dad spent plenty of money at the cheese place, and even bought a cheese slicer. The place had other things, like  jelly, syrup, honey, and even pickles, but it mainly sold cheese. There was also a cow cofa out front (it looked like a cow, but it was **not** made of cow). There was also a pretty tree surrounded by a flower bank behind the store.
    The store itself was TINY, and they got a lot of business / customers.
    
    We eventually got on the SS Badger in Manitowoc. My dad and Papa kept egging at me, telling me it wuld be cold on the lake and that I should ware comething with long sleeves. I knew that would not be a problem, and I never put on a jacket or anything with long sleeves; I don't even remember bringing any long sleeves with me on the trip to begin with. When we got to the boarding dock, we had to wait through a long line to get on. We waited on the SS Badger for a long time before it even started moving, because we had to wait for all of the cars and a few late-comers to get on.
    
    
    { section end }
    

July 13th, 2021
    (tuesday) I am beginning to be much more optimistic about living with my dad, rather than just hating everything about him.. Today I still felt so tired, which means that I should have asked God for some energy; I just fasted from God today instead.
    
    I talked to Jeanette about living with her instead of my dad aong other things a whole bunch on Facebook Messenger.
    
    I kind of wish I would have been a bit more productive today, like Riemann's hypothesis or some really cool program, but all is still good.
    
    >{July 15, 2021: this next section of this entry was written 2 days later:}
    
    In the afternoon, I called Adrian and finally had a decent conversation with him. I told him he should call his dad and he decided he wanted to that immediately, so we ended our call and he tried to call his dad.
    My and my dad made some exquisite goolosh for dinner.
    
    As the day came to a close, I called Adrian a 2nd time, and he informed me that his dad had not answered. I informed him that my samsung tablet was finally updating; then we started talking about ZapPap (a YouTuber) and Luigi's mansion ideas.
    Once Adroid (i.e. my tableet) was updated, I started checking out the device and got really upset about a lot of the changes. I started ranting about every little change, and feel kinda bad for doing that to Adrian; I just don't get why Android had to change so many things, and I guess that made me forget why I don't want to rant about all of the changes.
    Nontheless, I will list all of the changes in this new update for my device:
        = Folders on the homescreen now have a new button added to the color picker menu that opens up the old color picker menu. The button is called "slider" because it opens up the normal HSV color picker, which has a 2D rectangle for Saturation and Value plus a slider for hue. I am really happy that the slider menu is back now, because I like to have my own custom hues rather than the small set of defulat folder colors. They also added number input boxes to the folder color picker.
        = Many of the grey lines in the menus are gone. Remaining lines are now dotted instead of solid.
        = The notifiactions menu now has a header on the main notifications section: "Alerting notifications", and notifications from social media are now called "Converstations". The extended menu for the quick options that are above the notifications -- it only has 2 rows instead of 3 now. However, when I click "reorder" to rearrage the quick options, I get 2 extra rows up top, which contain all quick options that aren't being used.
        = The brightness sllider now has a downward arrow that gives me the outdoor mode toggle much more easily than before. The top bar of the screen is a bit bigger so I can actually read the darn thing.
        = The black color that the OS uses is now a bit darker.
    
    { section end }

July 14th, 2021
    (wednesday) Today, I wrote the July 11th and July 12th entries.
    

    By the way, the diary is and always will be free from here on out. I will add the file to github as soon as I can. You know what's cool about Github? It doesn't delete things immediately -- it records the past, so my diary will always be here, on Github pages.

July 15th, 2021
    (thursday) I was actually in quite a rush to see my friend, Adrian. Of course, it has been 5 and a 1/2 weeks since I saw him last!
    
    >{July 25th, 2021: I wrote in this brief section 10 days later: }
    
    I can't wait to see Adran tomorrow.
    
    I also can't wait to prove that Riemann's Hypothesis is true. I keep thinking about it, yet I still haven't really put the effort in!
    
    { section end }
    
    I called Adrian and his dad, and I managed to shedule Mike picking me up tomorrow. After reminding my dad many times, my dad should now know that he is allowing me to stay until Tuesday. I was actually super nice to my dad today, walking to the store to by him something, and doing other various things for him.
    
    You wouldn't believe how often my dad asks me to help him do something on his phone, the TV or his laptop computer. His phone is quite laggy and the TV is an Amazon TV, so using them is a very unpleasant experience full of many inconveniences that causes my dad to get very angry and throw a lot of insults. The most common is "You can't even fucking do [X]", which has extremely harmful follow ups like "you know this shit" and "a monkey could do it".
    The worst part about these insults is that my dad always has the same very mean voice -- he even sounds mad when he tells me "I love you" implying "you aren't even worth loving, but I will tell you that I do anyways, even though telling you such an untrue lie is against my morals; I need to have an argument against your claims that I am mean to you so that I can make you feel like a piece of shit whose arguments aren't worth being listened to"!
    
    I really feel horrible about my dad. At least now I know my dad doesn't say things just to make me feel horrible. Whenever I come up with an idea, or prepose an argument for something, my dad always throws it down. He really hurts my feeling and makes me feel that I shouldn't even think about things. I am hard coded to think of new ideas andd find arguments for things; I will not stop doing that no matter how much my dad hurts my feelings.
    
    At least now I know that my dad just reacts to my ideas because he doesn't understand or he doesn't want to **SPEND** his time thinking about them. Sadly, my dad often says that he "wastes" time thinking about my arguments, which I always take to heart and think "Oh, well my arguments suck and I suck because I made them". Now I see that people and objects usually don't suck, aren't bad, and aren't stupid.
    
    If fact, lets explain the phenomenon of me not being stupid:
      Some physical real noun that exists is only stupid under one condition:
        Every single action involved in the noun and every situation where the noun is executing an action, the action is **always** stupid.
      So, if you do any action that is NOT stupid, then you can NOT be stupid.
      However, it is super infinitely easy for actions to be stupid. A stupid action is simply something that doesn't make sense or isn't worthwhile. For my dad, this is almost every action. For everyone else, this is 1 in 5 actions.
    
    >{July 24th, 2021: Today, I added another paragpraph to this entry }
    Thought about cleaning the windows or the house in general but never did. In fact, I had an obsession over the idea of cleaning the house as a way to make myself feel better about all of the horrible things my dad has done to me in the house. Talking about cleaning or even rearranging the house really irritated my dad though, so I was forced to angrily hault [those] conversations I had with him.
    

July 16th, 2021
    (friday)
    
    

July 17th, 2021
    (saturday) Go to Adrian's

July 18th, 2021
    (sunday) Main idea

July 19th, 2021
    (monday) I left Adrian's, and came home to discover that my dad is dogsitting Jamie's (Judy's daughter) Australian Shephard puppy. My dad keeps mistakenly calling the puppy a German Shephard instead of an Australian Shephard. I keep forgetting the puppy's name. The puppy is very naughty, and peed on my bedroom floor twice within the 1st 5 minutes after my arrival.
    
    My dad started playing a YouTube video about how to take care of Australian Shephard puppies, and apparently they are a pain. What really sucked is YouTube had autoplay on, and it was on the TV so I couldn't ignore it. With shaphard dogs, it is important to have consistent rules, set boundaries, be super strict, punish them when they do what  you want them to **NOT** do, and reward them only when they do what **DO** want them to do.
    
    My dad just kept on telling me to use a loud voice with the puppy, but I never did because I am too sympathetic.
    
    I sure do miss being away from my dad!

July 20th, 2021
    (tuesday) I did a bit of gaming and programming in the morning, but I spent most of the remainder of the day dealing with the puppy.
    
    The puppy tore a small hole in my comfortor blanket, and even tried to ruin my mockisins that Nana gave me! This puppy is so annoying!
    
    My dad keeps nagging the same phrases at me about taking care of the damn puppy. Today I was much more stern with it than I was yesterday.
    
    A good thing did happen today. I came to a higher understanding on important matters. While I was doing the dishes, I tarted reconsidering my opinions on my dad and everything. I call this a realization session. I don't know how to explain this, but I really reorganized my brain in this session. Now, I am signiifcatnly smarter than I was before.

July 21st, 2021
    (wednesday) We finally got rid of the puppy. Well, Judy and Angel (yeah; the person's name is literally "Angel", but she sure don't act like an angel; she is supposedly Judies step-grand-daughter, which makes her **not part of my family**.) came by and picked up the puppy, which belongs to Jamie and Derek (they are all related to Judy somehow, but I don't trust my memory of them).
    
    

July 22nd, 2021
    (thursday) I actuallly spent the day learning integrals, because they are important in solving Riemann's Hypothesis.
    
    My dad doesn't understand that I want to be a genius like many others are. There are some people that get PhDs by the time they are my age, which is just insane. These geniuses are only good at certain types of academic problems and exercizes, but they are so good at the exercizes that the are called geniuses and honored for that.
    I am not the person that rushed past school, or gets amazing grades, but that's not my fault, and that's not even a fault at all. I want to be a jack of all trades, which I have not become **yet**. However, I am getting better all the time.
    I am the only person who can modify their own brain to the level of complete control and seeing the actual nuerons. You would think that this would make my life easier, but I don't immediately realize what is wrong with me, and so problems linger due to not seeing them. Its interesting that total control does not give me perfection. Of course, some things are harder to program into myself than others are.
    
    I can visualize abstract ideas as reality so well now; its great. Now I just need abstract execution too.


July 23rd, 2021
    (friday) It has been over a week (9 days!) since I wrote the last entry. I didn't feel like writing much because I wanted to think about other things. I wasn't sure what I wanted to write. Now I have to decide. The July 15th entry was written today.
    
    >{July 27th, 2021: June 23rd was the day I realized that I had a conversaion with God, need to drop my preconceived notions about the world. I need to understand things for what they **are**, and part of that is dropping my current understanding of some things. }

July 24th, 2021
    (saturday) July 24th sounds a lot like July 4th. Sadly, I don't have the entire summer left, but at least I have 4 more weeks. This past month has felt like an eternity though, so its all good. I was planning on writing the July 19th - July 22nd entries yesterday, but I spent so long on July 15th because it was so important. In fact, quite a few of these last 7 days have been very important.
    Typing on the mobbile keyboard really has given me quite few weird habits, one of which is using my index and middle fingers only.
    
    Bad news: I didn't set my alarm and missed my wendi'e interview. The interview was at 9:00am, but I felt stayed up late last night and felt sleepy 
    Well, it doesn't help when your father just yells at you every day rather than helping you.
    I guess if I really want to do ( this one time thing, which won't have mush of a long term reward, but the experience alone is worth it ) ... then I will have to ask my dad for help every day.
    I bother my dad about things he is not interested in every day, so I think he will enjoy being bothered by me requiring his help every day.
    Wendys fucking sucks anyway. The only jobs I would like would be Walmart or Amazon, because those jobs are just cool.
    
    Gosh, I really hate trying to apply for a job, its so stupid; I just wander about on the computer clicking through random menus and imaginary spaces; I don't get how this leads to a career
    Online application fell too imaginary to lead to a real a job. Doing the job itself should be quite fun, even with all of the challenges included.
    Well, when it comes to imaginary things becoming real, I guess 2i and 3i are imaginary, but I guess 2i x 3i = -6, and -6 is real. Also, i^i = sqrt( e^pi ) which is real and approximately 

July 25th, 2021
    (sunday) Today I just need to do the July 17th - July 19th entries, which were the blessed days I spent with Adrian.
    
    >{July 27th, 2021: But I didn't do them! Today, I appended the following paragraph to this entry: }
    Today, I realized that I need to redo my mind's listening algorithm, to listen to people better. I have spent the day studying lots of math, and also spent some time reconsidering my preconceived notions about the world.


July 26th, 2021
    (monday) I really have been

July 27th, 2021
    (tuesday) I told Judy that I wish I would've thrown away her hair tie, so told me some things that I don't quite undersntand.  I have been considering various possibilites for what she could've meant, but I keep running into contradictions!
    
    So, yesyerday I commented that my dad is always rude to me, and today I have had the same "I don't like my dad" attitude. Judy has been also getting a "I don't like Judy" vibe from that, so she tried to talk it out with me.
        = Judy told me about this kid named Jessis who has nothing and gets moved to a new foster care clinic every 3 months.
        = I said that I would like to travel that much, and Judy told my that its not travel.
        = Judy said that I have a lot of nice things that my parents and her pay for, and I don't earn any of the money for the things I have.
        = Judy told me that with how rude I have been, I might not go to the beach tomorrow.
    
    While eating my lunch, I started thinking about how mean my dad is to me, and remembered that people usually don't do things just to mess with other people. I also remembered that my dad **truly** believes people do things just to mess with him, and I noticed that my dad doesn't like me asking him questions.
    
    So, me and my dad were talking about the costs of setting up for the olympics. He finished saying one thing, and as he started to say the next sentence, I started to repond to the prior sentence, and accidentally interrupted him. He got super mad and told me to "shut the fuck up". I wish I had an audio recording of this, but my personal testament will suffice. After my dad finished his sentence, he said "now you can blabber on about your stupidness".
    
    That statement was so emotional and dramatic that I could not let it stand; When I accidentally interrupted him earlier, I was going to tell him what I had just figured out: the costs for olympics setup is worth it because the city / its country gets to use all of the olympics structuures for whatever puposes they want once the olympics are over.
    So, I told my dad that what I was going to say is **NOT** stupid, and that he should stop calling {all of sentences} stupid. My dad responded by bringing up my theory from yesterday about how the mowed grass got on the garage floor. There was **NO** reason for my dad to bring it up; apparently he brought it up just so he could say that my theory was **STUPID**.
    My dad's response was basically saying "yes, everthing you say is stupid", because the last thing I said was that he should stop calling {everything I say} stupid, and he responded with a justification to call {something I said} stupid.
    
    I told my dad that the things I say are not stupid and others would agree; I told my dad that other people would defend the things they say just the same as I defend mine; I told my dad that I am not the only person who comes up wit theories, and theories are not (inherently, relatively, or absolutely) stupid.
    My dad just sat there overflowing with anger, and I wasn't angry at all.
    
    I tried to end the conversation by telling my dad that he brought up the theory from yesterday, that he made himself angry, that he was the only person talking about stupid theories, which made him the only person saying anything stupid, and that he had done that just to get himself mad!
    I am not mad or angry at my dad; I feel sorry for him. His life is sad.
    


I am going to Lake Michigan tomorrow

July 28h, 2021:
    (wednesday) I packed up for my trip, and got insulted by my dad again. This time he hated on a random comment I made. It really made me feel horrible at the time; it just felt like yet another reminder of how my dad acts like he hates me.
    
    I called Nana and she said she had everything set to go. I kept thinking: "After we go to the beach, I am finally going to get to see Grandma Willover; I can't wait!" We all went swimming, and player with a firsbi in the water. I really find tremedous joy in jumping in the water, and as we spent a very long amount of time in the slightly shallow water (it was only up to my shoulders -- about 5 feet -- at its deepest spot), I jumped so many times that I actually got a cramp!
    = right calf cramp
    = buried in the sand; they buried my feet, but I thought they were slow diggers, so I dug a hole to show em how to dig like a pro; I called em wussies; I made sarcastic comments about how I wanted to dig a hole deep enough to bury me (standing straght up, which would be super deep); they thought I was serious, so I had em actually bury me in the hole I dug (it was only deep enough to sit down in, not stand in)
    = 
    
    Chriss and Cortny showed up (they were here at the same time, but they didn't travel together). Chriss is a friend of Grandma and Jeanette who adobted Winnie's puppies. Cortni is this new friend of Jeanette, and according to Grandma, Jeanette is into her.
    
    Gosh, I got some pretty bad sun burn from being out on the beach today.

July 29th, 2021:
    (thursday) I hung out with Grandma and Jeanette.

July 30th, 2021:
    (friday) I learned that Cortni has a daughter, named Noel (this name will be entioned like a billion times in the rest of this entry, especially with how short and memberable it is); Cortni left her daughter with Corni's sister, and apparently Cortni's daughtler likes hanging out with Cortni's nephew. I played A LOT of Skyrim today too.
    
    Chris is apparently buying Grandma's old grey car, and came over tonight with a cash payment for it. After watching the 1st episode of this cool show Loki together, me and Chris went out and jumped the grey car (which is his car now, I guess).
    
    After me and Chris jumped the grey car (charged its battery), Chris and I went in the garage to find a coat hanger. I didn't yet know why we needed it. Chris found a hanger and bent into a weird 3-sided square.
    
    After we got our hanger, me and him tried to get the grey car's front wheels propped up on some short ramps, so that he could easily reattach the exaust valve. He drove the car too far forward, so the ramps got stuck under its frame. Then he had to use jacks to bring up the car's frame so that we could get teh ramps out.
    After failing his attempt at using the ramps, Chriss decided that he would just fix the exaust by reaching his hands under the car normally. Chriss decided he would just put the exaust back in its wire loop.
    So, the exaust is a long valve running from the front of the car to the back and it has multiple sections. The weld between a middle section and the front section had rusted out, so the valve was hanging down and scraped the road whenever we drived. Plus, you could  hear the exaust gas coming out of the broken valve and it was annoyingly loud. Someone (Jeanette grandma) had tried to fix this by putting a metal loop under the car and having the valve hang from it, so that the valve wasn't dragging along the road.
    Then, me and Chris went to the gas station with plans of going all the way to plainwell, but on the way, the exhaust fell out, so we had to reattach it. The 2nd time we attached, I finally learned the Chris had wanted {to use the coat hanger to support the exaust / hang the exaust pipe off of the coat hanger}.
    
    So, me and Chris went to the Taco Bell in plainewell, because they stay open much later, but they were closed, with it being 2:10am (on July 31st).
    
    Also, apparently Chris showed up and bought the grey car because his old red pickup truck broke down; Jeanette picked him up abd brought him here.

July 31st, 2021:
    (saturday) Seriously, I play too much Skyrim. So, today Cortni brought her daughter over. She seemed like a really nice kid at 1st; very social, quite when appropriate, and sweet.
    
    

